SPCTR-3253: Fix - Post layout typography text transform default/normal is not working as expected. (#3551)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

* Fix: Global - Resolved an issue wherein a block error would occur when attempting to select typography font families in the presence of multiple iFrames.
* Fix: Global - Resolved an issue wherein adding Containers, Forms, Lottie blocks and the Popup Builder caused errors when the Gutenberg plugin was active.
* Fix: Lottie - Resolved an issue in which the width of the block would be adopted from the parent Container.

> * Fix: Post Grid - Resolved an issue in which the meta text transform has no variation between capitalize and normal.

Reviewer: Isn't this fix Global?

If so:
```suggestion
* Fix: Global - Resolved an issue wherein normal text transformation would not work as intended.
```

Author: Done.
